what's going on folks its Nike and
welcome to an all-new my gym episode
featuring the Los Angeles Lakers and s
we're looking at the contestants off the
three-point contest you can see that
none of our players make the cut and I
am very very shocked about that
considering that we have Steph Curry on
our team as well as Wesley Matthews both
of them were in the top 10 when it comes
to free pointers made and they were both
in the top five when it comes to the
3-point field goal percentage so I was
shocked to not see them make this lineup
but on that note we're going to do a
little recap to show you guys what
happened in this three-point contest and
it was bad people it was really bad so
James Harden he started off his brand
okay I guess 15 points that is that is
kind of okay but looking at Paul George
right there look at him breaking every
single shot on his first drag and move
into the third rack off his ground look
at him once again breaking basically
hold on let's wait for the Moneyball yup
freaking every single one of his shots
again and ending his round with 9 points
Russell Westbrook he's definitely one of
those guys who I think is a streaky
shooter but looking at him he actually
had a great round but unfortunately for
him he simply ran out of time when he
ended up with 13 points
yup so far a terrible three-point
contest Tim Hardaway jr. he is
definitely one of those players who has
the potential to actually walk away with
the win in this contest but once again
these guys are just breaking every
single shot why on earth are Steph Curry
and Wesley Matthews not in this contest
we would have made a whole lot more
buckets out there look at this this is
just a terrible performance by tomorrow
a junior right there basically do me
charts on two racks so far and move into
the third rack that is another Brick
City right there 10 total points for Tim
Hardaway jr. that is terrible and as
we're moving on to Troy Daniels one of
my teammates on the Houston Rockets now
can actually see what I'm working with
out there he is supposed to be a great
three-point shooter but being on the
last and final rack with only nine
points to his name oh my goodness people
that is just terrible he made his last
shot given in ten points but my goodness
are we going to see one of these guys
actually cracks 20 points
Jennifer Parsons the winner of the
three-point contest in my my career
series look at him struggling out here
he does gets the money fall to fall and
I think that means he is moving on to
the second round yup 11 points and
you're moving on to the second round
that is just crazy look at this
performance right there this is most
likely the worst 3-point contest that
I've ever seen in my entire life so
let's hope that the second round is
going to be a little bit better for
looking at the start of gentler Parsons
he just breaks every single shot on the
first rack now moving on he actually
started to heat up a little bit but
being on the final rack with only 12
points to his name that is just oh my
goodness I don't even know what to say
about this anymore these guys are just
terrible out here why on earth are Steph
Curry and Wesley Matthews not in this
three-point contest I know I'm repeating
myself but watching this I just I just
felt like we got robbed even before this
contest started look at Westbrook ten
points in the second round well I think
now it is in the hands of James Harden
to walk away with space win because we
all know he only needs 13 points to win
this contest and fight there with the
mate basket he is officially going to be
the winner of this three-point contest
can you believe it
well he got 17 points that is definitely
not too bad for being able to walk away
with the win in this three-point contest
by only having to get 13 points yup I
think that qualifies as the worst
three-point contest that most of you
including me have ever seen on YouTube
and on that note congratulations to
James Harden for walking away with the
win
unfortunately he is not in my my career
series out with a ruptured Achilles so
yeah
need to rely on Troy Daniels who got 10
points tonight but I know we're talking
about a different series so yes let's
just congratulate James Harden once
again and hope that the slam dunk
contest is going to be a whole lot
better than this three-point contest and
on that note that is it for me stay
classy folks cheers Nike if you enjoyed
tonight's episode make sure to hit that
like button and subscribe if you are new
to my channel and if you ever need to
contact me make sure to hit me up on my
social media pages Twitter usually works
best